{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 HTML\
\
1. Add h1 tags to the title of the page.\
2. Broke up the long paragraph of Boo\'92s Bio into four paragraphs.\
3. Added the reference link for Boo\'92s Wikipedia page.\
4. Added the < > brackets to the image syntax.\
5. Cleaned up indentations.\
6. Added the list tags <li> </li> to \'93List of Boo\'92s Favorite Things\'94\
7. Matched up the syntax for the correct color buttons.\
8. Added the link to JavaScript file.\
9. Changed source syntax from error.js to logic.js\
\
\
\
\
JavaScript\
\
1. Added \'93// When the factButton is clicked\'85\'94\
2. Added \'93// We generate a random number between 0 and 5 (the number of facts in the booFacts)\
3. Added \'93// We display the fact from the booFacts that is in the random position we just generated.)\
4. Added \'93// This array holds all of our Boo The Dog facts!\'94\
5. Added \'93// When the textPink button is pressed\'85\'94\
6. Added \'93// Change funText to pink.\'94\
7. Added quotations to pink for textPink.\
8. Added \'93// When the textOrange button is pressed\'85\'94\
9. Added \'93// Change funText to orange.\'94\
10. Added indentation to next line.\
11. Added \'93// When the textGreen button is pressed\'85\'94\
12. Added \'93// Change funText to green.\'94\
13. Added \'93// When the boxGrow button is clicked\'85\'94\
14. Added quotation marks to click  for boxGrow button function.\
15. Added \'93// Increase the size of the box.\'94\
16. Added \'93// When the boxShrink button is clicked\'85\'94\
17. Added quotation marks to click on the boxShrink function line.\
18. Added \'93// Decrease the size fo the box.\'94\
19. Added quotation marks to separate each of Boo the Dog facts,\
}